hello my beautiful friends it is melissa
and welcome to another video of mine ok
so today i'm going to share with you
guys my hair is kind of like everybody
right i want to share with you guys a
new company that i discovered its blend
brushes calm and they make brushes and
they make liquid lipsticks and they make
contour palette saw shadows and all that
now I've never heard of this brand and I
put a picture I posted a picture on
Instagram and I kind of explained
everything on Instagram but ninety-nine
percent of the time I don't accept
things from companies that I've never
heard of um I don't know you just get a
lot of emails and you know you gotta
kind of pick and choose but for some
reason this company just I don't know I
like on for wood there's a whole slew
when I put it on Instagram but for one
jennifer is the owner and maria is the
one that emailed me in super super super
sweet jennifer is a hairdresser um and
so i love that they're from the south
from Little Rock Arkansas there a new
company their cruelty free paraben free
and the quality of their products are
great when I replied back to them as I
can try the products you know and I
don't know i guess the liquid lipsticks
just kind of you know stuck out to me I
was like in if I like maybe I'll mention
them in a video or whatever and
girlfriend I love them I love them
actually they have some liquid lipsticks
that are amazing another thing they're
willing to give you guys twenty percent
off with my code down below in my wink
so I'll leave that down below so these
are awesome products and they're given
twenty percent off not ten like a lot of
companies so and I have four lip liners
and for liquid lipsticks that match okay
now these are the pencils the lip liners
and this one's in honey bun and it's
just just sharpen it I've got a very
nice pencil but you do have to sharpen
it and it is a firm pencil it's not one
of those pencils that are super creamy
you know what I mean you might like that
might not like that so it is a very firm
pencil but this one is number 105 and
that's what it says on the bottom number
105 I don't know if it has a name or
what so number 105 liquid matte lips its
mineral base and paraben free and that's
what I'm wearing today it's just a
beautiful beautiful nude you guys look
at the applicator it's flat on both
sides i absolutely love this applicator
and it smells so good you guys know I'm
very big e about my smells but it smells
like a very faint you know vanilla sweet
smell not sweet vanilla cream or
something like that but this one is
number 105 and I'm wearing it today and
I'm going to do a lip swatch oh there
Matt but they're not drying they stay
all day number 105 is absolutely they
say all day they don't feather they're
not sticky they're comfortable
absolutely gorgeous that's 105 what I
wanted a so let's try on the other lip
colors also they have eyeshadow palettes
this is like a cardboard this cardboard
packaging ultimate eye shadow palette
here's the shades and that's what I'm
wearing good oh we're going to die I'm
just wearing these two colors right here
today in the cream that's all I'm
wearing today but they're very
beautifully pigmented I have nothing bad
to say about the quality of the
eyeshadows
the contour palette is amazing it is so
pigmented make sure you tap off your
brush girl because i use it the other
day and then i use it again this morning
the first time I used it I was like whoa
this time but look at the sizes of the
pans and it's such a beautiful matte
creamy like high in quality now the
process of these are like in between
drug store and a high-end especially
when you use my twenty percent off code
but it's just a beautiful I don't want
to swatch it because I'm fixing to do
swatches on my hand and lip swatches
beautiful taupe color and then this
highlight there's no glitter in it it's
a very I'm going to have to swatch this
one huh good it's a very it's a
champagne color um it's very natural you
see it's very natural and I'm wearing it
today um but I love the contour shade
both shout and then they also have
brushes they do have kabuki saw
foundation brushes but i'm using my
Sigma and my morphe so I told her to
send me other brushes so but they do
have them so it's like oh this is like a
rose gold handle very very soft there's
not a member on it so i don't know i use
this one for super super soft this one
for powder you can use this one for
foundation it's a little bit longer
Vicki style and then this one I used for
contouring perfect this one I used in
the crease today and it's not as why
sorry this one's going to be dirty it's
not as wide as the e30 5 by Sigma it's a
little bit smaller so it's perfect for
hooded eyes just to get right up in
there hold your brush angled like that
just get it up gotta get it up like
and then this one is a flat brush but
it's angled a little bit so I kind of
like that you know you can turn it
upside down and get really good you know
precision right in the inner corner if
you want it to really really like that
so let's go ahead with the lip try ons
okay so this is the second color it is
shade number 100 beautiful just neutral
pink that's them swatch so this is
number 100 but the lid waters actually
have the name on it and it's dusty rose
so 100 and dusty rose it's like a pinky
mall there now this one the lip liner is
pink more like fuchsia pink and the lip
liquid lipstick is more coral it's
brighter I don't then I'm seeing on my
viewfinder so I don't know I think once
i uploaded it's going to be true to
color but this is number 101 which is
just a bright coral beautiful that's it
right there and the lip liner is
tropical pink so it's more of a fuchsia
where the 101 is more of a coral and
they do have more shades of these I just
have four okay so what I'm wearing now
is the lip liner is crimson and the
liquid lipstick is 103 103 and that's
these two right here they were beautiful
you guys seriously though if you like
nudes they have other colors did I
already tell you that but if you like
nudes oh my gosh honey bun lip liner and
105 the first one don't worry Bernie but
remember the lip owners are firm okay
all right and then um dusty rose the lip
liner here and this one the pink pink
with mom in it number one hundred girl
what yeah okay and then the bright coral
is 101 and the lip liner that is what
that is tropical pink and then the last
one that I'm wearing right now is
crimson is the lip liner with 103 so I
said yeah I just wanted to do a really
quick video on these because these
liquid lipsticks are some of my favorite
they're just amazing and the brushes are
soft the contour kit and Holly kit what
though and the eyeshadows are amazing
this is plastic but this is cardboard so
just know that okay all right
cruelty-free purely free small company
sweetest people ever sweetest people
ever I don't know but I think I'm a
phone number I need to hold on I was so
excited about these problems I've never
done that maybe a couple times but not
to the new company I've never heard of
but yeah okay guys thumbs up if you
enjoyed this video and discovering new
products i love you and i will talk to
you guys later okay